Biometrics authentication - solutions
•	MK ABIS solution is a set of procedures that enables organizations to check and verify customers' identification based on biometric factors such as fingerprint and/or facial recognition as well as their ID documents.
•	This solution will not only safeguard personal identity, prevent frauds and data skimming but also help improve customer services effectively.
•	Suitable for eID, ePassport, social insurance cards, etc., following the trend of e-citizens, e-government

e-KYC solution
Applicable for: Finance-Banking, Enterprises
MK eKYC solution is a set of procedures that enables organizations to check and verify customer's identification based on biometric factors such as fingerprint and/or facial recogition as well as their ID documents.
This solution will not only safeguard personal identity, prevent frauds and data skimming but also help improve customer services effetively.

OTP authentication solution
•	KeyPassTM OTP solution enables organizations to protect the customers' identities for e-commerce, e-banking and other online transactions.
•	This solution supports multiple token types and authentication modes to meet different security requirements of all the organizations.
•	Including: OTP display card, OTP token, OTP software token, Challenge-Response token, USB OTP token, SMS token and SIM OTP sticker.

Match-on-Card (MoC) solution
MoC is the concept of both matching and storing fingerprints on a smart card. In addition to its match speed and reliability, Match-on-Card™ offers flexibility and efficiency as it available with most smart card on the market today.
With partner, Precise Biometrics (Sweden), MK Gkroup provides secure authentication biometric solution on smart card MoC (Match-on-Card™) for almost fields, such identification, healthcare, tourist, transport and others.

Truly personal ID cards
Fingerprint recognition adds value to a wide range of applications and services for an ID card as it establishes the physical presences of the individual.

Financial Card
Fingerprint recognition ensures the physical presence of the cardholder while complying with security demands. Precise Match-on-Card™ eliminates the need for numerous PINs, that are easily forgotten, lost or stolen, as we carry more and more cards.
As no storing or matching of fingerprint information takes place outside the card there is no need for any network-connected device or data base. This also means that the personal integrity of the bank card holder is always preserved.

Healthcare
Adding Precise Match-on-Card™ with fingerprint recognition to health cards does not only reduce these risks, it also protects the personal integrity of the card holder.

Travel & Transport
Our fingerprint recognition technology speeds up passenger flow while fulfilling security requirements when the burden of security is ever increasing in both domestic and international travel.
MoC is the concept of both matching and storing fingerprints on a smart card. In addition to its match speed and reliability, Match-on-Card™ offers flexibility and cost-effeciency as it available with most smart card on the market today.

2-Factor Authentication Solution
MK Group's FIDO® KeyPass S1 device uses no batteries and has a minimum lifespan of 10 years with 4 billion button presses. This will help organizations reduce the pressure of long-term equipment storage and charging.
FIDO® KeyPass S1 security authentication key device meets FIDO U2F standard & supports FIDO2 feature, allowing network users (Internet, LAN, ...) to securely access online services that support this feature FIDO U2F without using any other software.
MK Group's FIDO® KeyPass S3 secure authentication device meets the FIDO Alliance's FIDO 2 standard. In addition to physical buttons like the FIDO® KeyPass S1 device, FIDO® KeyPass S3 is also equipped with a screen that displays the data to be authenticated to increase safety and accuracy in the process of performing transactions. online activities.
In addition, users of the FIDO® KeyPass S3 security key are also supported with application login without entering the account name and password, and support for multi-factor authentication.
Accordingly, the user enters the PIN code before the security key authenticates the information and creates a digital signature. Thus, along with no need to install software, users can simply select the "set up a security key" mode available in all FIDO 2 acceptance sites (details on support pages).
FIDO standard is available at: https://www.dongleauth.info/ to register the security key.
